Add QR Code (#1873)
sindresorhus/awesome: readme.md

- [Biomedical Information Extraction](https://github.com/caufieldjh/awesome-bioie#readme) - How to extract information from unstructured biomedical data and text.
- [Web Archiving](https://github.com/iipc/awesome-web-archiving#readme) - An effort to preserve the Web for future generations.
- [WP-CLI](https://github.com/schlessera/awesome-wp-cli#readme) - Command-line interface for WordPress.

> - [QR codes](https://github.com/aureooms/awesome-qr-code#readme) - QR code is the trademark for a type of matrix barcode.

Reviewer: The description could be improved. The fact that it's a trademark is completely uninteresting in this context. I think it should also better explain exactly what a QR code is.

Reviewer: Also, title-case on the title.

Author: Thanks! I just tried to fix that in 4f4efca and 7c17b10.

- [Credit Modeling](https://github.com/mourarthur/awesome-credit-modeling#readme) - Methods for classifying credit applicants into risk classes.
- [Ansible](https://github.com/KeyboardInterrupt/awesome-ansible#readme) - A Python-based, open source IT configuration management and automation platform.
- [Biological Visualizations](https://github.com/keller-mark/awesome-biological-visualizations#readme) - Interactive visualization of biological data on the web.

> - [QR Code](https://github.com/aureooms/awesome-qr-code#readme) - A QR code is a type of matrix barcode that can be used to store and share up to 2953 bytes of arbitrary information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [QR Code](https://github.com/aureooms/awesome-qr-code#readme) - A type of matrix barcode that can be used to store and share a small amount of information.
```
